Update PID example (#407)
oauth-wg/oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt: draft-ietf-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt.md

## Example 4a - SD-JWT-based Verifiable Credentials (SD-JWT VC)

> This example shows how the artifacts defined in this specification could
> hypothetically be used in the context of SD-JWT-based Verifiable
> Credentials (SD-JWT VC) [@I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc] to represent a
> Person Identification Data (PID) [@EUDIW.ARF] of a German citizen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how the artifacts defined in this specification could be
used in the context of SD-JWT-based Verifiable
Credentials (SD-JWT VC) [@I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc] to conceptually represent
a Person Identification Data (PID) defined in [@EUDIW.ARF].
```

   * Clarify validation around no duplicate digests in the payload (directly or recursively) and no unused disclosures at the end of processing
   * Better describe and illustrate the tilde separated format
   * Change claim name from `_sd_hash` to `sd_hash`

>    * Update PID example

Reviewer 2: wait... you keep putting these in the wrong draft #
